README.md, before:

# Elastic Beats Input Plugin for Graylog

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Graylog2/graylog-plugin-beats.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Graylog2/graylog-plugin-beats)

**Required Graylog version:** 2.2.0 and later

This plugin provides an input for the [Elastic Beats (formerly Lumberjack) protocol](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-input-beats/blob/v2.0.0/PROTOCOL.md) in Graylog which can be used to receive data by log shippers from the logstash-forwards and the Beats family, like Filebeat, Metricbeat, Packetbeat, or Winlogbeat.


## Installation

[Download the plugin](https://github.com/Graylog2/graylog-plugin-beats/releases) and place the JAR file in your Graylog plugin directory.
By default the plugin directory is the `plugins/` directory relative to your Graylog installation directory and can be configured in your `graylog.conf` file.

Restart Graylog and you are done.


## Build

This project is using Maven and requires Java 8 or higher.

You can build the plugin (JAR) with `mvn package`.

DEB and RPM packages can be build with `mvn jdeb:jdeb` and `mvn rpm:rpm` respectively.


## Plugin Release

In order to release a new version of the plugin, run the following commands:

```
$ mvn release:prepare
$ mvn release:perform
```

This sets the version numbers, creates a tag and pushes to GitHub.

Travis CI will build the release artifacts and upload to GitHub automatically.


## License

Copyright (c) 2016 Graylog, Inc.

This library is licensed under the GNU General Public License, Version 3.0.

See https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html or the LICENSE.txt file in this repository for the full license text.

Commit message:

Add note about merge into graylog2-server

README.md, after:

# DEPRECATION NOTICE

This project has been merged into [graylog2-server](https://github.com/Graylog2/graylog2-server), see [#28](https://github.com/Graylog2/graylog-plugin-beats/issues/28)

Please use the [issue tracker in the graylog2-server repository](https://github.com/Graylog2/graylog2-server/issues) for any feature requests or bug reports.

----

# Elastic Beats Input Plugin for Graylog

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Graylog2/graylog-plugin-beats.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Graylog2/graylog-plugin-beats)

**Required Graylog version:** 2.2.0 and later

This plugin provides an input for the [Elastic Beats (formerly Lumberjack) protocol](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-input-beats/blob/v2.0.0/PROTOCOL.md) in Graylog which can be used to receive data by log shippers from the logstash-forwards and the Beats family, like Filebeat, Metricbeat, Packetbeat, or Winlogbeat.


## Installation

[Download the plugin](https://github.com/Graylog2/graylog-plugin-beats/releases) and place the JAR file in your Graylog plugin directory.
By default the plugin directory is the `plugins/` directory relative to your Graylog installation directory and can be configured in your `graylog.conf` file.

Restart Graylog and you are done.


## Build

This project is using Maven and requires Java 8 or higher.

You can build the plugin (JAR) with `mvn package`.

DEB and RPM packages can be build with `mvn jdeb:jdeb` and `mvn rpm:rpm` respectively.


## Plugin Release

In order to release a new version of the plugin, run the following commands:

```
$ mvn release:prepare
$ mvn release:perform
```

This sets the version numbers, creates a tag and pushes to GitHub.

Travis CI will build the release artifacts and upload to GitHub automatically.


## License

Copyright (c) 2016 Graylog, Inc.

This library is licensed under the GNU General Public License, Version 3.0.

See https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html or the LICENSE.txt file in this repository for the full license text.
